First, I'm not vegan for the name, or to be
community member.
In just 5 seconds, Unnatural Vegan touches on the topic on which
I have spoken repeatedly in a sharp, realistic
manner: community.
I have already made several videos in the past about what it means
call vegans a community, have we ever been,
can we organize and become one?
Unnatural Vegan makes an interesting claim that she is a vegan
not for the sake of the community, that it is not her goal, not her concern.
Well, I have a different opinion on this, and this is not criticism
to her, this is what I am different, and what, in my opinion,
worth talking about.
I'm more ambitious than she is.
Yes, my appetite is much greater.
I want a real community.
Look at the Mothers Against Drunk
driving ".
They have at least one office in every US state.
America has 50 states and more than 50 offices with employees who
are constantly open.
They have it, but we don't.
What is the most important in 2016?
"Mothers Against Drunk Driving" or Veganism?
The answer is veganism.
Even if in the past, for example, in the 1980s, one could say
that the Mothers Against Drunk Driving movement was
more important, but veganism today is an idea that simply
you must have 50 offices in America.
I remember how sex minority communities went through
way from insignificant organizations and became very
influential.
Where I lived in Toronto, there were several manned
staff of offices dealing with the rights of sexual minorities.
I remember one of them was only for lesbians.
There were many offices for homosexuals with different
political views.
And in the event of conflicts, journalists could contact
to these organizations for comments.
These are non-profit, political organizations, call them what
you know.
Let's say if the police commissioner does a homophobic
statement, journalists know where to apply for an interview.
"Let's get in touch with this organization for rights
minorities and ask them to comment on the situation. "
Or something similar.
This is a real community.
This is one example that while in Toronto
there was a real homosexual community, they had
your area, your buildings, offices.
They had their own lawyers, nightclubs, festivals.
I mean the gay community in Toronto
not every city has it all.
There were many well-organized and active
communities of sexual minorities, and journalists could contact them
apply.
Everything would be different if we were on the level
"Mothers against drunk driving" or at the level
Jews in British Columbia
minority in this part of Canada, but they have their
physical institutions are real organizations.
Internships, scholarships and other types of social
provision for people from birth to death.
Ultimately, you can go there for a picnic and talk
face to face with people, and collect funds,
charitable activities.
Anything that can change the state of affairs.
Yes, I want it all, a real community.
And I see no point in pretending that I don't need it and that
I wouldn't appreciate it.
I also see no point in pretending to be completely vegan.
satisfies if it's just a diet or just
what I practice in my personal life and what will not bring
no political fruit.
Jewish by birth, nihilistic by religion
atheist.
And yet, my family and I personally would be much
it is more profitable to pretend to be a religious Jew and
start going to synagogue.
This is because here in Canada Judaism can give
I have a real community, all I need is from
picnics to nursing homes.
From picnics to private schools and nursing homes,
from birth to death, all the benefits of belonging
to the community that Judaism, Mormonism and others provide
crazy ideologies based on
faith in a god who does not exist, in the reading of prayers,
that will never be heard if only you
don't pray on YouTube.
In this case, of course, your subscribers hear
you ... and I don't see anything wrong with that.
I look at groups like Mormons and I think, "I'm everything
want.
I want everything they already have. "
It's easy for Mormons to have a picnic
to which 200 people will come!
For me, even that is not enough.
It costs Mormons nothing to organize a charity
an action to help orphans, to establish a charitable organization,
launch any project and change the world.
This is what I want.
I want vegans to have it, I'm concerned about everything
life cycle from birth to death.
I have a three year old daughter, I hardly see her,
she lives in Europe, I live in China.
And yet, where will my daughter go to school, to the children's
garden?
Which nursing home will I go to myself, and where will they go
my grandparents?
From birth to death.
See The Issues Affected By Sex Minorities Are Changing
with time.
In the recent past, the homosexual community has experienced
many "battles".
Now, this community can truly celebrate
the fact that so many of these battles have been won.
It's in Canada!
It is clear that Saudi Arabia is completely different
business.
There are many countries where the fight for basic gay rights continues.
is in its early stages, don't get me wrong!
But here in Canada we were among the first to legalize
homosexual marriage.
There was a whole legal battle, equal rights for gays, etc.
These battles, in fact, have already been won.
The fight for veganism has just begun.
Where is the office?
Where is this area, this nightclub?
Where is this nursing home and kindergarten?
I want it all.
I'm significantly more ambitious than Unnatural Vegan.
I'm not happy with what you call "community".
A bunch of self-righteous average people aren't enough
age, giving each other "likes" on Facebook.
I'm not satisfied with a bunch of teenagers on Instagram
who take pictures of their asses in bikinis and still say
that change the world.
None of this suits me.
I want more.
Do I have this opportunity today?
No.
And next year?
Will I see it in my lifetime?
May be.
Mothers Against Drunk Driving has grown
in just a few years.
What percentage of people in America are really interested in
activities of this organization?
Minority.
This small number of people support this
an incredibly successful organization.
What percentage of people actually donate money to Jewish
temples in Canada?
I don't know for sure, but this is a very small number of people.
I have already spoken about Sikhism in Canada.
These are all very small religious movements, and
again, let's take homosexuals.
Homosexuality is not a diet, they have no need to discover
separate restaurants but they do it!
There is an area in Toronto where you can find a restaurant
for homosexuals, although there is no such thing as
food for gays.
Vegans already have a good reason to open
a real restaurant with an address on the map.
Yes, I want everything from birth to death, from
temples of bricks and cement to lawyers, political
organizations.
I want to have an organization that is respected so much
that in the event of controversy in the government, journalists
will know where to turn.
Maybe there will be several such organizations where
you can call who will defend interests
veganism in parliament, in the media, on the streets.
I want it, and I must admit that I don't have it, real
community.
We will have to work hard to achieve this.